Hey chums, no video today unfortunately, I spent a whole bunch of today shooting some
stuff for the 50,000 subs special which I know I still haven't gotten out, it's been
like a month since I hit 50,000 subs but I wanted to do something special for it so I
shot some stuff today and I just don't have time to put out a video.
Instead let me fluff my ego a bit if you don't mind.
So on Twitch I've been playing a game called Trails in the Sky, it's not a bad game but
it's not a game that I would normally play.
I'm playing it because one of my supporters has hit the donation tier to play a game with
me on stream.
Anyway, on stream he asked me what is the grossest most expired food that I have or
I've ever seen and I thought about it for a bit and I think I can show you guys what
it is just for fun.
It is this, crushed pineapple.
You can see the cans inflated on both sides, it's inflated and those of you who are Canadians
will recognize this packaging as having gone out of style many, many, many years ago.
This can of crushed pineapple is from 1996, look at it.
Look at how it's fucking, look at it.
So the whole deal with this can of crushed pineapple is that my mom bought it back in
1996.
I was just a kid, I was with her in the grocery store and it went down into the family pantry
back at my parents' place.
And it sat there and it sat there, it was in the back of the pantry, it just got ignored
over the years and eventually when my parents decided to move into a smaller house because
I had moved into my own house and my sister moved out, they had just decided to downsize.
We were cleaning the house out, we cleaned out the pantry and I found this can and my
mom said, oh just throw it out and I said no way, there's no way I'm throwing, it hadn't
inflated at that point but I was like there's no way I'm throwing this thing out, it's kind
of a relic at this point you know.
So I kept it and I brought it to my house here, I live in a different city, but anyway
I put it in the back of my pantry and over time, it spins because it's inflated, in fact
it was on the bottom and behind a bunch of other cans and I noticed it because the stack
of tuna had like slightly shifted because it was starting to expand upward and push
the rest of the tuna cans.
So I pulled it out and I realized that it was inflating like a balloon.
I have no idea what causes this by the way, I don't really know why when canned foods
get this old they start to expand, but I have noticed that it's been expanding more
and more over time.
So I know I haven't even completed the 50,000 sub video yet, it is coming probably in about
two weeks time, but you know what I'll do?
If and when I hit 100,000 subs, I'll open this can and see what's inside of it.
I hope you guys are interested in that, I might fucking die, so enjoy.
I'll see you later, I'm probably going to stream on Twitch tonight, address is on the
screen, you know where to go.
New video tomorrow and Road to 100k, awesome, I love you.